Docs - add mfa instructions (#904)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: docs/docs/authenticate/README.md

[periodic re-authentication](#enforce-periodic-re-authentication)
can also be required for users to maintain their VPN session.

Firezone supports the following authentication methods:

1. [Local email/password](../authenticate/local-auth): Enabled by default. A [time-based
one time password (TOTP)](../authenticate/multi-factor)

> can optionally be required to add an additional authentication factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can optionally be configured to add an additional authentication factor.
```

We don't support enforcement of 2fa yet.

1. [Single Sign-On (SSO)](#integrate-a-sso-provider): Enables users to sign

> in using their credentials from Okta, Google, Azure AD, or your own custom identity

Reviewer: I think we should mention up front the SSO protocols (OIDC) we support now. In the future it could be expanded to SAML, Kerberos, Smart card, OAuth, etc.

```suggestion
in using their credentials from Okta, Google, Azure AD, or any service supporting the OpenID Connect (OIDC) protocol.
```

If you require assistance in setting up your OIDC provider, please
join the [Firezone Slack group](https://www.firezone.dev/slack).

> ### Pretty URLs

Reviewer: This is a bit inaccurate. We don't generate a pretty URL -- the auth provider key is used in the URL. The key name can be any arbitrary string but needs to be unique.

If the user wishes to use `sjfqwo-sadfjs1213` for example, that would be the key used in the URL.

> ### Pretty URLs
> 
> For each OIDC provider a corresponding pretty URL is created for redirecting to
> the configured provider's sign-in URL. For the example OIDC config found
> [here](../authenticate/generic-oidc), the URLs are:
> 
> * `https://firezone.example.com/auth/oidc/google`
> * `https://firezone.example.com/auth/oidc/okta`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The OIDC Redirect URL

For each OIDC provider a corresponding URL is created for redirecting to
the configured provider's sign-in URL. The URL format is `/auth/oidc/PROVIDER` where `PROVIDER` is the OIDC key for that particular provider.

For example, the OIDC config below

```ruby
default['firezone']['authentication']['oidc'] = {
google: {
  # ...
},
okta: {
  # ... 
}
\```

would generate the following URLs: 

* `https://firezone.example.com/auth/oidc/google`
* `https://firezone.example.com/auth/oidc/okta`

These URLs could then be distributed by an Admin directly to end users to navigate to the appropriate identity provider login page to authenticate to Firezone.
```

If you require assistance in setting up your OIDC provider, please
join the [Firezone Slack group](https://www.firezone.dev/slack).

### The OIDC Redirect URL

For each OIDC provider a corresponding URL is created for redirecting to

> the configured provider's sign-in URL. The URL format is `/auth/oidc/PROVIDER`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the configured provider's sign-in URL. The URL format is `https://firezone.example.com/auth/oidc/PROVIDER`
```
